# How to Contribute

Thank you for taking time to contribute to GatorGradle! This guide will help you
to effectively contribute to the project.

## Table of Contents

* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Raising an Issue](#raising-an-issue)
* [Making a Pull Request](#making-a-pull-request)

## Code of Conduct

We ask that everyone contributing to this project follow the [code of
conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please report any violations to
[@gkapfham](https://github.com/gkapfham).

## Raising an Issue

First, check the [Issue
Tracker](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgradle/issues) to make sure that
someone has not already raised your issue. If you have a new issue to raise, go
ahead and [raise
it](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgrader/issues/new/choose)! At this
point you should decide if your issue is a "Bug report" or a "Feature request"
and then click the green "Get started" button. Please follow the provided
template when you are describing your issue.

## Making a Pull Request

The development team uses the [GitHub Flow
Model](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) to guide our engineering of
this tool and we invite you to also follow it as you make a contribution. If you
have a new feature or bug fix that you want the project maintainers to merge
into GatorGradle, then you should make a [pull
request](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgradle/pulls). Please follow the
provided template when you are describing your pull request, bearing in mind
that the project maintainers will not merge any pull requests that either do not
adhere to the template or break any aspects of the automated build. You should
read the following subsection to learn more about the project standards to which
all of GatorGradle's contributors adhere.
